"Prologue: The Great Cataclysm"
A long time ago, mankind was touched by the planet's anger,
and the world was engulfed in flames.
It was the Day of the Cataclysm.
The flames burned ferociously,
with an intensity threatening to incinerate the places mankind lived in,
the languages they spoke, and the culture they had built up.
"Chapter One: Holy Fire"
As the world was being covered in ash, one man appeared.
He would later be called Raffles I.
Raffles took his disciples and left on a journey in search of light.
At the end of his journey, he found an "unsullied flame,"
and brought forth the light that would be mankind's salvation.
"Chapter Two: Amaterasu"
Raffles and his disciples used the flame bestowed by the great Sol
and the technology cultivated by mankind to create "Amaterasu."
The sacred flame of Amaterasu benefited the lives of mankind,
and ended up establishing the foundation of a state in the Far East.
During the investigation we just carried out,
we discovered a facility called the Tabernacle, that is similar to Amaterasu,
and determined that its power source was a person bearing an Adolla Burst.
In addition... and this is still speculation...
The source of power for the empire's Amaterasu is also a person.
Probably the girl that I Linked with at the 4th,
whom we suspect to be the First Pillar.
But then, what is written in the scriptures of the Holy Sol Temple is...
It means that the Holy Sol Temple's scriptures
would be presenting teachings that are incorrect.
Every citizen of the empire knows what's in the scriptures.
Are you telling me they're false?
Of course they are!
They don't say anywhere that our family were the ones who built Amaterasu!
But to think that there's a person inside Amaterasu...
What were my ancestors involved in?
False teachings... Does that mean that it's possible
the Evangelist and the Holy Sol Temple are connected?
Shinra, Arthur, Tamaki, excellent work on this mission.
I'm going to report the results of your investigation to the top brass at once.
Lieutenant?
This concludes today's meeting. All personnel, return to your normal duties.
Iris, are you okay?
Just thinking that this country is built on one person's sacrifice...
It's hard for us to believe, as Holy Sol adherents, isn't it?
Captain, is the Holy Sol Temple evil?
I can't say for sure.
But the fact that the Holy Sol Temple supports the people is true.
I am grateful for Sol's grace.
Thank you very much.
I have to find the truth, for the sake of the sister and other devout believers.
No doubt about it. Arthur-kun was right.
The sequence of numbers inside the Tabernacle is pi!
But what does pi have to do with Amaterasu?
The Holy Sol Temple's scriptures are flat-out false.
And the development of the country has been nothing more than a put-up job.
But if the people of the empire learn of our suspicions about Amaterasu...
If the results of this investigation ever come to light,
it would rock the whole Tokyo Empire.
I know. We have to be very careful about how we treat this information.
Unfortunately, I doubt this country would change.
The story would just get hushed up, and that would be the end of it.
I guess this is all the Fire Force can do.
It might be time to play it a little rougher.
That's a dangerous idea, isn't it? Paying a visit to the Holy Sol Temple?
Sounds intriguing, right?
You're not exactly on the straight and narrow. Who are you?
A dark hero.
Everything I've had, I've lost,
but I won't let go of this remaining spark
No, I won't let it go, not ever
Though there may be no right answers in my ill-defined tale,
once I'm able to step forward...
They say something's wrong with me, but I'll do something with them
I'm not even sure what I'm supposed to be
But if my dreams have resolved themselves to be by your side
then there's nothing left for me to doubt anymore
Sparks fly as things kick off
until "black and white" turns to ashen gray
If there's a choice crown to be had
I want it, I want it I'll whizz my way toward you
until "double or nothing" gets zeroed out
If the clowns are melancholy
then nothing will get anywhere
I'll show you a love that burns hot enough to scorch ashes
I just spark again
"Episode 11: Dark Hero"
The Holy Sol Temple is hiding something. Don't you find that shady?
You're just as shady, yourself.
All the same, this does sound interesting.
So, why me?
As proto-nationalists,
you all have been unfairly oppressed by the Holy Sol Temple.
I doubt you've forgotten that fact, right?
Or now that you're an imperial Fire Soldier,
have you lowered yourself to being one of their dogs?
Please do not give money to solicitors.
This is Armed Forces Security Enforcement.
What is right and what is wrong?
I just want to know the right answers.
The vague scraps presented by God aren't enough.
Only the right answers are the singular truths that transcend God.
I want to know the cause of human combustion,
and what exactly is happening in the world.
"Several years earlier" "Haijima Industries, Headquarters"
"Infernal" "human combustion" "Adolla Burst" "Great Cataclysm"
Licht-kun, I read your paper on human combustion. It was really good.
How did you come up with the idea behind your theory?
H-Hey, Licht-kun!
I'm just...
...trying to find the right answer.
The right answer is the one thing in this world that I can trust.
Is that your just cause, Viktor Licht?
You again?
I seek the truth; I have no need for anything as ill-defined as just causes.
Heroes need them.
We can't go public? Why not, sir?!
No, I wouldn't think so.
The facts that you uncovered are likely to disturb the empire's citizens.
Apparently, things must be done in order for everything to be disclosed.
Disturbed? You're kidding.
Much as I hate it, this was the top brass's decision.
We'll have to wait for three years while this goes through the church,
to allow them to reveal the truth in a way that won't cause any chaos.
Th-Three whole years?
So we have to keep on deceiving the empire's people during that time?
If that's the case, I don't understand why we even went to investigate!
...Not to mention what the White-Clad will do in the meantime... ...It's not unusual for the truth to be hidden to preserve the status quo.
The "imperial dogs" aren't up to this.
This calls for a stray dog that isn't chained up to anything!
Waka! Waka!
Hey, have you seen Waka around?
Huh? You, too, Lieutenant Konro? We were just looking for him, as well.
For crying out loud, where could he be out whooping it up at this hour?
Well, he's bound to get hungry and come back home before breakfast.
Whenever you do see Waka, come let me know.
Yes, sir.
Oh, Beni, here I thought you were starting to get your act together lately.
Don't go stirring up any trouble.
Is that it?
As you can see, the approach is exposed and the security is tight.
We won't be able to just sneak on in.
As such, how about we bust our way right through the main entrance?
Nice and straightforward.
You know, I still can't believe you decided to tag along
with someone as fishy as I am. There's something quite different about you.
Yeah. That's because you are so fishy.
If you try anything funny, I'll have my eye on you, and can just stomp you.
Don't push me, now! We're so high up!
I'm not pushing you yet.
You're on the empire's wanted list, aren't you?
Why are you taking a risk like storming the Imperial Seat?
For my just cause.
I want to know the truth! About what's happening in this country, and this world!
To find out that truth, I'm willing to let my humanity, my ethics,
my morality, and my virtue be damned!
I was born and brought up in this land.
I have a right to know the truth about it!
Truth is the one thing that spells equal justice for all!
What's in there?
The "true" scriptures that the Holy Sol Temple has been hiding.
Never heard of them. How do you know about them?
I happen to know just a little bit about the church.
All right, let's climb down and go pay our respects.
We're climbing down?! Why did we even come up here?!
People expect you to look down on things from above when you're a hero.
"Holy Sol Temple, Imperial Seat"
Our Lord, who shineth in Heaven,
please bestow thy blessed light upon us.
Látom.
Allow me.
That's okay.
Do you know why I devote myself to Sol as much as I do?
Of course, Excellency.
In times of old, there were many religions that thrived around the world,
and by standing together in their belief in God,
they established a way of living that maintained discipline.
Now, in recent times, a newly-created science
has allowed mankind to develop more abundantly, and more efficiently.
Before the Great Cataclysm,
there were many forms of religion and government across a vast world.
However, all of them have perished.
The Holy Sol Temple is a bundling of all the histories of mankind.
All of the world's diverse religions, governments, and science
became as one, centered around Sol and Amaterasu.
The Holy Sol Temple is indeed mankind's final light, the "truth."
No one in this world can be allowed to betray the Holy Sol Temple.
Yes, heretics who follow not after the Holy Sol Temple, which leads to rebirth,
but idolize this Destroyer God, Shinmon.
Do the residents of Asakusa still reject the beneficence of Amaterasu?
We have been advised by the cardinals to avoid doing anything
that might provoke Benimaru Shinmon.
Benimaru Shinmon... What was that sound?!
It was close!
It's the main entrance!
B-B-Benimaru Shinmon is attacking!
No, Your Excellency, we have done nothing to him yet!
Stop that man!
Why is Benimaru Shinmon here?!
I'm not Benimaru Shinmon.
I'm Shinmon Benimaru.
You really let them have it. F... the Holy Sol Temple! That felt good.
You're the one who told me to do it.
Kicking disciple ass in the house of God...
What's become of your sense of justice?
This isn't about anything as significant as "justice."
All I want is for those around me to be able to live happy lives.
I don't know if it's because I'm a proto-nationalist,
but I just don't like the Holy Sol Temple.
The energy that is produced by Amaterasu
somehow has the stink of blood on it.
Your senses are sharp, aren't they?
I like how being with you doesn't make me feel tense.
These guys may not look it, but they're the elite guard.
The Holy Sol Temple
boasts that they have God's Holy Fire and the power of science,
and proclaims that mankind is wonderful,
but people are nothing but animals before we ever get to mankind and God.
They say we are a nation blessed by God,
but if just one animal goes wild, it all falls apart.
I just want to make them understand that.
This is no place for a barbarian like you to trespass.
Die.
Hey, what's the matter?
Hey... Mr. Almighty?
I have no prayers to offer for you!
Hey...
"To be continued"
Lame.
Most incidences have their own name
But no one knows and I'm upside down
Billions of people exist
But not anybody tells me what that is
Sacrificing my limited life Am I moving forward or not
I just want to believe Nothing goes to waste
I question myself Why I can't be who I want to be
tangled and translucent It drains me
Pretending and overextending myself
Wish one day I could love pathetic myself
Hoping for a dazzling future to come
Don't over decorate smile clumsily
Just live life the way I am This world is cruel
Can't choose how to be born
Stick up the middle finger then
Let's shoot off to the other side
"Fire Force, Season 2"
"Next time"
Captain Shinmon collapses before the Holy Sol Temple combatant.
Joker is stunned by this.
What they seek is an even deeper mystery within the Holy Sol Temple.
I'm not sure how I feel about this.
I, too, love the darkness.
"Episode 12: Shadows Cast by Divine Light"
Next time on Fire Force, Season 2, episode 12, "Shadows Cast by Divine Light."
Return to the great flame of fire. Látom.
Subtitles Diego Moraes(oakislandtk) www.opensubtitles.org